SOFTWARE REQUIREMENT SPECIFICATION
 SRS for Grocery mangement system
1.Introduction
 The integrated grocery management system is intended to provide complete solution to both vendors and custoner
 through internet. The website maintains the details of each and every stock avilable in stock at present and keep updating
 website.
1.1 Scope
This system allows the customer’s to maintain their cart for add
or remove the product over the internet.
1.3 Purpose
The purpose of the project is to maintain the details of stock and customers  of different location.The main purpose of this project is to maintain a easy circulation system between vens]dors and the customers, to issue stock (grocery) using single online shopping system .
2.Definition
 JAVA- platform independent
 IDE- Integrated development environment
 SRS- Software Requirement Specification
GUI- Graphical User Interface
Stackholder- The person who will participate in system
Ex. Customer, Administrator, Visitor etc

3.Overall description
The Online Shopping system (OSS) application enables vendors
to set up online shops, customers to browse through the shops, and a
system administrator to approve and reject requests for new shops
and maintain lists of shop categories. Also the developer is designing
an online shopping site to manage the items in the shop and also
help customers to purchase them online without visiting the shop
physically.The online shopping system will use the internet as the sole
method for selling goods to its consumers.
 3.1 Software requirement 
  Advance Java 
  Adroid developer tool 
 3.2 Hardware requirement 
  2 GB ram
  intel i5 
3.3 Product prespective
 This product aimed toward a person who don’t
want to visit
the shop as he might don’t get time for that or
might not interested in visiting there and dealing
with lot of formalities.


4.Requirement 
 4.1 Functional requirement 
 This section provides requirement overview of the
system.
 Various functional modules that can be implemented by
the system will be :
 4.1.1 Registration
 4.1.2 login
 4.1.3 Payment
 4.1.4 changes to cart

4.2 Non functional requirement:
   4.2.1 Security
   4.2.2 Reliability
   4.2.3 Reusbility

4.3 Performance requirement
  
  In order to maintain an acceptable speed at maximum number of
uploads allowed from a particular customer as any number of users
can access to the system at any time.
Also the connections to the servers will be based on the attributes of the
user like his location and server will be working 24X7 times.


5.Appendix 
 User: a general login id assigned to most user
 Client :independent user for the Software 
 User interface layer: The section of the assignment referring to what  the user interacts wit directly
 
   
